[ Phil ] Councilwoman Dunphy,
how do you respond
to allegations...
that you look super sexy
in your new suit?
I haven’t been
elected yet.
Come on, kids!
We gotta vote!
Honey, come on.
Please stop filming.
I’m just excited.
After today, you are
going to be a councilwoman,
and I am going to be
a first husband.
Well, if you don’t stop
filming, you’re going to be
my first husband.
All right, everybody,
come on!
You know what
you’re doing, kids?
You guys are manning
the phone banks.
Alex, you’re in charge of that.
What? Why is she in charge?
And wh-what’s a phone bank?
That’s why.
Phil?
I got it.
I will be driving 50
of our finest senior citizens
to the polls,
assuming, of course,
that they remember
that I’m coming for them.
Where you at?
High five.
Old people occasionally
forget things.
[ Claire ] Okay.
All right, everybody,
let’s go.
Wait, wait. Real quick. Sorry.
Everybody get in there.
Jump in there.
I just want to say how
proud of you we all are.
You’re an inspiration.
Who would’ve thought that 20
years ago, when you were still
in the bloom of your youth–
Okay, I’m gonna
go start the car.
[ Jay ]
Claire likes to win.
When she was eight, a little
Girl Scout friend of hers...
bragged she could
sell the most cookies.
Damned if Claire didn’t
walk the neighborhood...
till she got blisters
on her feet,
and won by 10 boxes.
Best part is, Claire
wasn’t even a Girl Scout.
[ Cameron On Bullhorn ]
The choice is Claire.
Vote Claire Dunphy
for town council!
What?
[ Laughing ]
Oh, I love it!
What do you think, huh?
[ Claire ]
I love it.
We got it on Craigslist.
- ♪♪ [ Loudspeaker:
"La Cucaracha" ]
- [ All Laughing ]
Came off a taco truck.
[ Cameron ]
It did.
I love that you’re
doing this for me.
Thank you!
[ Cameron ]
You’re welcome!
I know how important
winning is to Claire.
And I love to festoon things.
We’re her dream team.
So we cleared the whole day,
dropped Lily off at school
and voted first thing.
Although one of us had a bit
of a dimpled chad situation.
Can you tell me
how this machine
works again, Chad?
Oh, sure,
no problem.
[ Whispering ]
Just vote over here. Just–
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Thank you.
[ All ]
Bye!
I can see Claire-ly now
that Duane is gone!
[ Claire Laughing ]
Bye! Thank you!
Oh, my gosh. Okay,
everybody, get in the car.
Let’s go, let’s go.
Good luck today,
Claire.
Oh, Laurie, thank you.
By the way, we have
some really good news.
What’s that?
Becky got into
the University of Oregon.
Oh, congratulations.
[ Laurie ]
Any news, Haley?
Uh, no, not– not yet.
But, you know,
super psyched!
This whole
waiting to hear thing...
has been a nightmare
since the very first letter.
I’m too nervous.
I can’t do it.
"Dear Ms. Dunphy,
we regret
to inform you–"
[ Claire Sighs ]
What?
Don’t leave me hanging.
After that, I decided
to only tell my parents
good news.
I have one school left.
The only good news
I’ve gotten is that...
my annoying neighbor Becky
is moving back east to Oregon.
[ Jay ]
Manny, write this down.
I didn’t bring a pen.
Election day
is America at its finest.
The people speak
and the government listens.
I don’t know
what they do in Colombia.
No one does,
and don’t ask.
I mean, we know
that voting’s a privilege,
but for my daughter to have
her name on that ballot,
it just means so much more–
You know what?
I think I’m gonna vote later.
What? Where you going?
The line is too long.
It’s only three people,
and nobody has a gun.
Eh.
[ Sighs ]
[ Cameron ]
We’re here! We’re Claire!
Get used to it!
Mmm. You know, I’m not sure
if that’s tracking.
Here, let me try one.
You don’t have
to be Claire-voyant
to know who to vote for!
Vote Dunphy
for town council.
Uh– Uh–
Uh, Claire Dunphy.
Uh, C-Claire’s
her first name.
I’m sorry
if that wasn’t Claire.
Oh, my God,
look at that.
There’s a trash can
right there,
and that guy just threw
his paper on the sidewalk.
Hey, you in the
yellow jacket. Pick it up
and put it in the trash.
Oh–
Sorry!
Oh, my God,
he did it.
Yes, he did.
Ooh, here,
let me try one.
Hey, dragon tattoo!
No jaywalking!
Oh, my gosh, this is
an instrument of power.
How could they not sell tacos?
You know what we
could do with this thing?
Cam, we could really
make a difference.
We could be
the voice of change.
Ooh, I got it.
Let’s go yell
at the dry cleaner
that lost my shirt.
Come on, gang.
Today is the Dunphys
at their best.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- I’m from the Weekly Saver.
Mind if I ask you
a couple questions
about the big election?
Not at all.
Fire away.
Who are you
voting for today?
Claire Dunphy.
Finally. I’ve been waiting
for someone to say that name.
Why?
Because I am
Claire Dunphy.
Oh. I’m sorry.
They moved me over
from ad sales.
We take turns reporting.
How do you feel
about your chances today?
Not as good as I did
a few minutes ago.
No, she feels great.
Um, her spirits are high.
The whole family’s high.
There’s your headline.
Phil–
- How about a photo
of all of you?
- Sure. Yes. Yes.
Mom. Mom, Mom. Tag.
Oh, my goodness.
Thank you.
That would have been
a really awkward picture.
Okay.
Oh!
[ Gasps ]
What is that?
Is that
a tooth?
Ewww!
Awesome!
How old are you?
Do it again.
- How does that even happen?
- It’s a fake tooth from
an old ice skating injury.
It just fell out.
Oh, my gosh.
Why today?
Let’s not overreact.
Let me see it.
Okay.
All right.
Oww!
[ Gasping,
Shouting ]
[ Camera Beeps,
Shutter Clicks ]
Got it. Thanks.
- What happened back there?
- The line was too long.
I couldn’t wait.
I’ve seen you wait
45 minutes in line
for sherbet.
Well, I happen
to like sherbet, okay?
That place I take you
has the greatest sherbet
on the West Coast.
They got lime sherbet,
they got coconut sherbet.
Why are we talking
about sherbet?
- He’s clearly
changing the subject.
- Why aren’t you in school?
He’s doing it again.
Manny’s right.
You’re being very ardilla.
Ardilla?
Yeah, you know.
- The– The one th-that–
- Rabbit.
I was being "rabbity."
- No, the one with
the cheeks and tail and–
- Chipmunk.
- Possum.
- Okay, obviously
she means squirrel.
-You were being squirrelly then,
you’re being squirrelly now.
-Better than bein’ a rat.
Manny,
give us a minute.
Oh, sure.
I served him up
on a silver platter.
What?
All right,
it’s no big deal.
There was a woman
working there.
I didn’t want her to see me.
- Who is she?
- Her name is Dottie.
- She’s the first woman
I dated after my divorce.
- You dated a Dottie after Dede?
You’re focusing
on the wrong thing here.
The point is, it ended badly.
I tried to let her down easy,
but, uh, she didn’t
take it too well.
Actually, I don’t know
how she took it
’cause I wasn’t there.
We dated a few weeks,
then after we, you know–
I slipped out of her house
before she woke up
and never called her again.
Put my pants on in her yard,
put the car in neutral,
let it roll
down the driveway,
lights off.
Hey, I can’t talk
about this anymore.
So because of this woman,
you didn’t vote
for your daughter?
It’s Claire.
We need her to win.
I don’t want to be around
when something that tight
comes unraveled.
I’ll figure out something.
Maybe those poll workers
take shifts.
Stop hiding
in your little cave like a–
like, you know, like the–
the– the–
I really don’t want
to do this again.
No, th-the big one.
Like the monster
furry one.
[ Door Opens ]
Why can’t I remember
any animal names?
[ Door Closes ]
Climb aboard
the Dunphy Express.
Next stop, democracy.
[ Grumbling ]
What? No, no.
Please don’t go.
I won’t do that anymore.
I promise.
Oh. Uh, we need to
make a quick stop.
I gotta pick up
my new glasses.
No can do.
I, uh– I got a lot
of people waiting, so–
It’ll just take
two minutes.
I can’t even see the ballot
without my glasses.
I mark the wrong box,
next thing you know,
I’ll be married to a guy.
Yeah, I-I don’t think
it’s mandatory, Walt.
I’m a good dancer.
They’ll come for me.
[ Engine Starts ]
[ Clears Throat ]
They will break
all your buttons and say
you brought it in that way!
Okay, go, go, go!
[ Laughs ]
Turns out we had
a lot of axes to grind.
And a hybrid,
so there was virtually
no stopping us.
Do not see that movie.
You will neither laugh nor cry.
[ Cameron ] Best pizza
in the city? Not even
the best pizza on the street.
They do not do
the hair of the people
on those pictures.
[ Mitchell Laughing ]
[ Cameron ]
Totally free checking?
Don’t bank on it.
Okay, that was really fun,
but now we gotta go back
to campaigning for Claire.
We’ve been saying that
for two hours.
Yes, but now I really mean it.
- Oh, my God, there’s Sandy.
- Sandra Bullock?
Yes, Sandra Bullock.
We’re such good friends,
I call her Sandy, so–
No, Sandy who works
at Lily’s preschool.
Oh, yeah.
You know,
she got engaged.
No!
To the gay boyfriend?
Totally.
[ Mitchell ]
Oh, how does she
not see it?
[ Cameron ] If I was
with somebody that gorgeous,
I’d overlook a few quirks too.
[ Mitchell ]
First of all, thank you.
Second of all,
point well taken.
Mmm, poor Sandy.
I feel so bad for her.
[ Cameron ] It’s better
than being alone.
Is it?
She’s looking over here.
Oh, my God.
Mitchell, you’re
sitting on the button.
No. No, I’m not.
No, I’m not!
It’s stuck!
And you’re the one
that had it last,
when you were
taunting the cheese shop.
Oh, please. You know what?
If you advertise truffle cheese,
there are certain expectations.
Hi, Sandy.
I’m calling on behalf
of Claire Dunphy.
Sure. Yeah. Uh-huh.
Okay, whatever.
What a beautiful name.
I’m calling on
behalf of Claire Dunphy
for town council.
All right,
how about this?
If you vote
for Claire Dunphy,
you won’t have to pay taxes
for the rest of your life.
Vote for Claire.
[ Beep ]
Luke,
what are you doing?
You can’t say that.
Oh, like she’d be
the first politician to make
a promise she can’t keep.
Well, maybe I don’t want
to talk to you either.
Maybe you are the one
that is bothering me!
How do you like that, huh?
Gloria, I’m going to
have to ask you again...
to please
stick to your script.
But everybody’s
saying no to me.
I don’t get it.
Usually, when I ask someone
to do something,
they just do it.
Maybe it’s because
these people can’t see you.
I don’t like it.
Can’t you just hook me up
to some sort of camera?
Uh-huh.
Thank you, Maggie,
for the vote.
Okay. Bye-bye.
[ Beep ]
Here’s your seat.
Thank you.
Um, you have to excuse me.
I’m a little nervous.
I’ve never been
on the radio before.
Don’t worry about it.
Just think of it
as a conversation.
Okay.
Here are your headphones.
Volume control. Don’t get
too far from the mic.
Okay.
Make sure
your cell phone’s off.
Oh, cell phone, right.
And you’re not
chewing gum, are you?
No, I’m not.
I just had some
temporary dental work done.
The last thing–
Ohh!
♪♪ [ Theme ]
And welcome back to
A Matter Of Record.
I’m Cecil Van Gundy.
Joining us now
in studio...
is District 43
town council candidate
Claire Dunphy.
[ Lisping ]
Thank you, Cecil.
It’s a pleasure
to be here.
So, you’re a first-time
candidate. Tell us
what got you involved.
It all started with
a, um– a stop sign.
I was concerned about safety
in our neighborhood...
and I was not getting any
satisfaction from city hall.
What’s wrong
with Mom?
Oh, this isn’t good.
She sounds drunk.
That’s not her drunk voice.
And tell us about
some of the other issues
facing our town.
Where do you stand
on the city’s sewage and
sustainability initiative?
The so-called S.S.I.
One cannot really talk about...
s-s-sewage
and sustainability...
without first
discussing recycling.
This city can do more
with its recycling program.
What the hell’s wrong with her?
- She sounds drunk.
- It’s a tooth thing.
- [ Beeping ]
- Uh-oh.
What’s wrong?
I’m almost out of air.
Oh, boy.
- Is it serious?
- Is oxygen serious?
You know what?
I lost a ton of time
getting your glasses.
I’m gonna drop you at home.
You can get your air,
I can drive other people.
I don’t have
any more tanks at home.
Why? That seems like
bad planning.
Well, I forgot
to order them.
My pills
make me forget things.
Oh, shoot!
I gotta take my pill!
Please tell me
you have it with you.
Of course I do.
But I have to take it
with food. Don’t I?
Are you asking me?
Uh, yes. I do
take them with food.
[ Grunts ]
I don’t feel so well.
Okay, I’ll get you
whatever you want.
I’ll get you the air!
I’ll get you the food!
Then I’ll vote for
your drunk wife.
That is not
her drunk voice!
Thank you so much
for voting.
Thanks so much.
We appreciate it.
Hi. I’m terribly sorry.
Excuse me.
Jay Pritchett.
Uh, can I get
in and out really quick?
Thank you.
Wait, no. You have– Sir!
This is all I need.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Claire, Claire, Claire.
Claire, Claire–
Aha! Here!
Oh!
- [ Woman ] Hey!
- Oh! I’m sorry!
I’m sorry, I’m sorry.
Hello, Dottie!
Jay!
It’s so nice
to see you.
Is it?
Oh, why
wouldn’t it be?
Well–
Oh.
That was a long time ago.
Water under the bridge.
We’re good.
- Oh, that’s great.
- Thank you so much
for voting.
You remember
my daughter, Claire.
She’s– She’s running
for town council.
Oh, isn’t that neat?
Yeah, so proud.
So, you’re gonna
put it in there, huh?
Oh, yeah, of course.
[ Giggles ]
Definitely.
’Cause every vote counts,
you know.
Thank you so much
for voting.
Yeah.
Boy, I’d sure
like to see...
the sweet sight
of my vote counting.
[ Laughs ]
Why would I say
I’d do something
and not do it?
That would make me
a liar,
instead of
a trusting widow
who fell asleep...
in the warm embrace
of a man who promised
to make breakfast.
Okay, there it is.
Look, I’m so sorry.
You were the first woman
I’d been with besides my ex
in 35 years.
I panicked.
A-A-And it wasn’t ’cause
you weren’t pretty naked
or anything like that.
I’d have run
from Angie Dickinson.
Lucky her.
Dottie–
Good-bye, Jay.
Dottie, Dottie.
Please. I’m just tryin’
to get my ballot in the box.
[ Laughing ]
Oh, yeah!
That sounds familiar.
You don’t have to do anything.
Just let me put it in.
Shouldn’t have said that.
We are so sorry.
We did not mean for you
to hear any of that.
Yes. And we shouldn’t
have been gossiping
in the first place.
What if you’re right?
What if Gregory is gay?
When my mom said it,
I didn’t believe her.
She lives in Iowa.
But coming from you two–
Means nothing.
We barely know your fiancé.
If he says he’s straight,
he’s straight.
We’re getting married
in a month.
People are flying in.
He signed us up
for dance classes–
Oh, my God.
No. No, no, no.
Hey.
This is what gays do.
We gossip.
Yeah. We gossip a lot.
He gossips!
No, no. You’re missing
the point. Okay?
We see
a great-looking guy
like Gregory,
and we say he’s gay
because we want him
to be gay.
Really?
Really? Are you sure?
Yes.
Absolutely.
Look at what we do
with movie stars.
You know? Hugh Jackman.
He sings, he dances,
he’s dreamy.
So obviously we would
want him on our team.
Mmm! [ Growling ]
But he’s straight.
Trust me. I know.
I said hello to him once
in a restaurant,
and there
was absolutely
no chemistry.
Well,
if that isn’t proof–
[ Sandy Laughs, Sniffles ]
Three weeks later,
Sandy and Gregory
got married,
and everyone
said the wedding
was beautiful.
Gregory did the flowers.
Which is perfectly normal
for a straight guy.
The Greeks
do one thing right,
and it’s lamb.
All right,
let’s go vote.
Why the hell does your wife
want to be a politician anyway?
You heard her.
She wanted to put up a stop
sign at Bristol and Greenleaf,
but then she ran into–
Wait, wait, wait.
That’s near where I live.
Yeah! We’re neighbors.
Let’s go.
No way I’m votin’ for that.
Too much government already.
I didn’t fight a war
so some politician can tell me
where I have to stop my car.
You don’t even drive!
That’s ’cause
that Barack Obama
took my license away.
I don’t think
he was involved
in the decision!
I left the house today to
get 50 votes for my wife.
I’m not going home with zero.
The least you can do
is walk right in there and
punch a hole for the woman...
who drags your garbage can
up your driveway every Tuesday!
I don’t like it.
Goes against
everything I believe in.
- Really? A stop sign?
- But I’ll do it.
’Cause you’re a good kid,
and I had a nice day.
Till you started
yelling at me.
So sorry.
Thank you.
Here you go.
You know, my wife
was an alcoholic too.
Okay.
Let’s just go vote.
[ Radio: Announcer ]
The polls are closed for the
District 43 town council race–
Hi, everyone!
[ All Cheering ]
Any news?
[ No Lisp ]
Not yet, not yet.
But even if I lose,
at least now I know
I have a future in radio.
I couldn’t.
People need to see me.
Before
we hear the results,
I just want to
thank you all for everything
you’ve done for me.
Mitch and Cam,
for campaigning for me all day
in your little Claire-mobile.
It’s the least
we could do.
Literally.
We probably did more
for Hugh Jackman’s career
than we did for Claire’s.
And Manny and Gloria,
thank you for making
all those phone calls.
And Dad,
for all your support.
I don’t think
I convinced anyone
to vote for Claire.
I don’t think
I even voted.
And my husband.
[ All Exclaiming,
Laughing ]
Who drove around I don’t know
how many senior citizens today
to the polls.
One.
And my beautiful
children,
whose faith has given me
the confidence to believe
that I can do this.
[ Ringing ]
I can– Oh!
Somebody else answer it.
It’s– I lost.
I can feel it.
Mom. Mom.
[ Whispers ]
Answer the phone.
[ Beeps ]
Hello.
This is she.
Mm-hmm.
Thanks so much
for calling.
Bye-bye.
[ Beeps ]
I have some bad news.
Because someone’s
gonna be busy now that
she’s a councilwoman?
[ Cheering ]
No, no, no!
No, I wasn’t doing
that fake thing.
I really lost. I lost.
- [ Gloria ]
Ay, no.
- [ All Murmuring ]
- [ Jay ]
That’s all right.
- I’m so sorry.
But you know what?
We are still
just so proud of you.
Yeah.
I don’t know about you,
but, um, I could use
a glass of wine.
[ Groans ] Now you’re gonna
hear her drunk voice.
Hmm.
Mom.
Mmm?
- You okay?
- Yes, fine.
I’m good. I’m fine.
I’m not fine.
I wanted to win, and–
and I’m so embarrassed.
[ Sets Glass On Counter ]
Everybody out there
worked so hard for me...
and they believed in me,
and I let ’em down.
Oh! Honey.
Oh, sweetheart.
Well, don’t cry.
I’m gonna be fine,
sweetie.
[ Sniffles ]
Really, I am.
[ Exhales ] Just knowing
you care so much
makes me feel better.
[ Sobbing ]
No.
I got four rejection letters
I never told you guys about.
What?
I got rejected
from UCSB, Oregon,
Wisconsin–
Oh, no.
Northwestern.
Well, we were overshooting
on that one.
What about, uh–
Came today.
My last chance.
Mm-hmm.
I’m too scared
to open it.
Whatever it says in there,
your father and I are
crazy proud of you. Okay?
I did start trying
this year.
I know you did.
You did.
You have nothing
to be ashamed of.
Neither do you.
Mmm.
It’s a little bit
different.
No, it’s exactly
the same.
Except you tried
really hard the whole time,
not just at the end.
You’re right.
It is the same.
We have nothing
to be ashamed of.
So let’s open that
together.
Yeah, open it.
What? No.
- What are you doing here?
- No, come on, Haley.
We believe in you.
[ Alex ] Do it!
[ Jay ] You can
always work for me.
[ Alex ]
You can do it.
Come on, Haley.
All right, open,
open, open, open.
"Dear Ms. Dunphy,
we regret to inform you–"
Oh, honey.
Mm-hmm.
"while we cannot
offer you admission
at this time,
you are a promising candidate,
and therefore we would like to
place you on our wait list."
Oh, my God,
I got wait-listed!
- We will take it!
- [ All Cheering ]
Haley!
Congratulations!
Our daughter might be
going to college!
[ All Cheering ]
Phil! Look!
- A stop sign.
- It’s addressed to you.
"Dear Claire,
I won, you lost.
Here is your stupid
stop sign.
Next time you think
about bothering me,
please take its advice.
Your councilman,
the Honorable Duane Bailey."
- Blaaah!
- Honey, you did it!
I did it.
I made our neighborhood
a little bit safer.
I may even have
saved a life.
You idiot!
There’s a stop sign!
Can’t you read?
We need speed bumps.
No.
Mmm.
No. No!
Honey!